REACT!!!!

Made by FaceBook.

broken down into reusable components
  each sub-component behaves in a way that is fully contained.

Why Separate UI elements into components?
  - components defaultLayout

When working with react, we never update the DOM ourselves. Instead, whenever some part of our application's state changes, React efficiently updates the DOM for us to reflect this. Our application's UI is a pure function of its state.

In the previous section we just installed two packages, Create React App and Yarn. What are they for?
  - Create React App is used for creating an app efficiently.
  - Yarn is a package manager for your code

What are some benefits of using ReactJS?
  -reusable components
  -Easy to learn and use
  -The virtual dom
  -Great developer tools
  - React Native, you can write your apps and they are ready for the app store.

What is a React component? Hint: Check the “Components and Props” section of the React documentation.
  - Small reusable pieces of code that return a react element to be rendered to the page.

What is the significance of the ReactDOM.render method? Hint: Check the “ReactDOM” section of the documentation.
  - Takes input data and returns what to display

What is JSX? Why does Facebook recommend using it? Hint: Check the “Introducing JSX” section of the documentation.
  - Is optional and not required to use REACT
  - A syntax extension to JS.

  eact Quiz
  Q What are Create React App and Yarn?

  A

  Create React App: Create React App is a new officially supported way to create single-page React applications. It offers a modern build setup with no configuration.

  Yarn: Is an open source JavaScript package manager built by developers at Facebook, Exponent, Google, and Tilde. It is meant to be a fast, secure, alternative to the Node Package Manager (npm) that can install previously downloaded node modules with limited or no internet connection.

  Q What are some benefits of using ReactJS?

  A

  Fast Learning Curve: React is more complicated to learn and use than jQuery, but this is an unfair comparison because the two aren’t even in the same league. Compared to other competing JavaScript libraries and frameworks such as Angular or Ember, React has much less code that we as developers need to memorize or worry about, making it much faster to learn.

  React is Component Based: With React we can build encapsulated components that manage their own state, then compose them to make complex UIs. Since our components are written in JavaScript instead of HTML, we can easily pass data into our application and keep our state out of the DOM.

  With React, you can “Learn Once, Write Anywhere”: React only tries to be the view layer of our application (the V in MVC). Because of this, it makes no assumptions about the rest of our application, and can be rendered on the client, on the server using node, even in native mobile applications with React Native.

  Q What is a React component?

  A “Components let you split the UI into independent, reusable pieces, and think about each piece in isolation. Components can be defined as JavaScript functions or ES6 classes.” Essentially components are responsible for rendering some part of an application’s UI.
  Q What is the significance of the ReactDOM.render method?

  A ReactDOM is a package separate from the React package that provides APIs for DOM specific methods. ReactDOM.render takes a React component, or tree of React components and (eventually) renders them to the DOM. For the most part, we generally only run this method once per React app to render a single root component containing all of our other components.
  Q What is JSX? Why does Facebook recommend it?

  A JSX is a syntax extension to JavaScript that looks like HTML. Facebook recommends JSX because it’s familiar HTML-like syntax makes it easy to describe the UI a component should produce. It is possible to write React applications without using JSX, but the process is less intuitive.
  Q What does Facebook recommend as the “best way to start building a new React single page application”?

  A They recommend everyone begin with Create React App. Normally, setting up a robust React application from scratch requires a deep understanding of build tools such as Webpack (used for bundling an application’s assets) and Babel (used for transpiling JSX and ES6+ code to plain, widely supported, ES5 JavaScript). Thankfully, we can use Create React App to quickly scaffold out a React app in seconds with all of the features and configuration we’d need for most applications.
  Q What is Babel? And what role does it play in converting JSX into vanilla JavaScript?
  A Babel is a JavaScript compiler. It takes next generation JavaScript (ES6/ES7/ES8) and compiles it down to widely supported ES5 JavaScript code. It also compiles JSX code down to regular JavaScript functions that browsers can understand. Developers can also extend the JavaScript syntax and add on their own features, and share them with others in the form of a Babel plugin.
  Q What is the significance of { } curly braces in JSX?

  A The { } single curly braces inside of JSX work similarly to the {{ }} double curly braces in handlebars: they allow us to pass values and expressions into our view.
  Q What is a component prop?

  A A prop is essentially a function argument that’s passed into our component from outside and can be used inside of it. For example, we could write a component for a button that renders different types of buttons depending on the prop it’s passed.
